can you quickly
good no he's a little second time take
ya hit her dig it dig him
who to
I really like to give her a thorough
going-over but I can only work with her
for mere milliseconds at a time yeah not
right yes sir kinney i get i get the
impression that you're not really into
this whole program here you're not
getting with the program okay here we go
again
you need to even this up a little bit
yeah my sister's out here see look at
how ragged that is sequoia sequoia go
back here now okay
somebody asked if you were high
maintenance you know what that means to
be high maintenance koi koi I had to
tell him the truth
typical grooming session with khoi khoi
it's called grooming on the move
but I still have more dries down I need
two hands for that I need three or four
hands for that
well you look good even though you need
work you're looking pretty good yeah
you